Add the `bootc` method for installing packages (#3586)
teemtee/tmt: docs/releases.rst

While not yet implemented, this feature aims to support more precise
hardware selection in the future.

When `tmt` works with the image mode images, it now uses native package
installation method instead of using `rpm-ostree`: `tmt` creates a
`Containerfile` based on the booted image, adds needed packages there,

> builds the image and reboot a system to use the fresh image with needed
> packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
builds the image and reboots the system to use the fresh image with the
necessary packages.
```
